trophy hunting requires a lot of time
dedication and most importantly
top-quality glass when you're looking
for a trophy at over two miles away and
looking into every nook and cranny
you're gonna need the best glass money
can buy and the vortex 25565 abs are
just the answer 10 power binoculars just
aren't enough to really glass well at
longer distances and a spotting scope
becomes very fatiguing on your one eye
over time there are a few manufacturers
who have put out some 15 powered
binoculars which definitely improve your
ability to glass at longer ranges and
vortex is one of those companies the
Kaibab HT 15 by 56 by nose have been out
for several years now and have helped
many trophy hunters turn up that trophy
of a lifetime new for 2014 is the Kaibab
HD twenty by fifty six binoculars and
that additional firepower makes a huge
difference when you're looking at really
long distances which is very common for
trophy owners these binoculars are built
on the same chassis as a 15 by 56 Kaibab
that have proven themselves time and
time again we got our first look at the
prototype while hunting odd at in West
Texas in 2013 where they were being
field tested the difference between the
15s and the 20s during our morning
glaston sessions was a difference
between determining if a sheep was a ram
or you even with the out the use of a
spotting scope
we were glassing at over 2 miles away
and it was obvious that these
high-powered optics would be a much
needed asset and our glassing arsenal
the sportsmen News team has had this
pair of Kaibab 20 by 56 in our arsenal
since January of 2014
so we've used them in our winter range
scouting shed hunting early 2014 season
stuff and preparing for the 2014
big-game season they've proven to be one
of the most valuable piece of glass
we've ever had in our Arsenal this roof
prism binocular provides for a
relatively compact binocular considering
that they are such high-power they're
equipped with premium HD high-density
extra low dispersion glass which
provides extremely good resolution and
color fidelity even in low light the
dialectic prison coating is a
multi-layer prism coating which makes
for a bright
and color accurate image the xr+ multi
coating provides a high level of light
transmission the armored tech coating on
the exterior lenses makes for an ultra
hard scratch resistant coating which
protects extremely well against
scratches they come with the center
focus adjustment knob which is very
large and very easy to adjust even with
gloves on the locking dr. is on the
right barrel of the binocular and once
adjusted locks into a place to assure
quality focus each and every time the
roll-up eye cups have several set stops
make it very simple to get both eyes set
with the appropriate eye relief even
with little or no light to work with the
eyeglass whirls will usually get the
best eye relief in the totally down
position you know I personally recommend
using the roll-up eye cups in the
completely down position even if you're
not an eyeglass wearer it provides you
the greatest field of view although it
may take a little bit of getting used to
it will make you a better glass or
because of it because the binoculars are
such high power it is highly recommended
they are used with a tripod vortex
includes a tripod adapter with each
binocular so this isn't an additional
charge the quick-release set up on the
tripod adapter is probably one of the
most convenient I've ever worked with
you can mount the base plate for your
tripod under your quick-release and
attach the mounting bracket onto the by
nose this allows you to leave the
quick-release attached to your tripod
and your glasses around your neck or in
your pack set up your tripod and just
place the by nose onto the tripod
because of design of the quick-release
for those of you guide types I'd like to
attach the bi'ness to the tripod and
just carry them over your shoulder you
can screw the tripod adapter direct to
the mounting bracket which gives you an
extremely rigid mount capable of just
about anything you know not everybody's
a trophy hunter like we are here at
Sportsman's news a lot of people just
like to observe the birds and the
animals in their own natural habitat
regardless of your desires for these
binoculars you'll enjoy the great color
fidelity and edge to edge clarity they
provide for such a high powered set of
binoculars suggested retail and these
binoculars are 1699 but you'll find them
much cheaper that at Sportsman's
Warehouse and with all vortex optics
they're covered by their unconditional
VIP warranty which we feel is truly the
best warranty in the business
stop by your local Sportsman's Warehouse
and check out the vortex 20 by 56 chi
babs for yourself or pick up a pair
online at Sportsman's Warehouse calm